Which answer did you choose?
If you picked B, you are correct.
Let's break down the other answers
to see why they are wrong.
Choice A deleted portions of the sentence,
which is not enough to be
considered properly paraphrased.
In deleting sections of the sentence,
this option has actually
changed the meaning entirely.
Choice C changed compared
to to in contrast,
deleted currently, and
changed suboptimally to bad.
This is not a correct paraphrase,
as the writer only changed a few words but
did not restructure the sentence.
Choice D only transposed
the two parts of the sentence.
If you will read choice B again, you will
see the author used their own words and
sentence structure to portray
the same concept and meaning.
Citing your sources in a paper, article,
or presentation requires two steps.
First, you must include a citation
within the text of your paper.
Depending on the citation style you use,
this may take the form of a superscript
number, a number in brackets, or
the author's name and
date of publication in parentheses.
The second step requires you to include
a bibliography at the end of your paper.
A bibliography is the full list of
resources used in writing your paper
with all identifying information or
metadata about each source.
This can also be labeled References or
work cited.
What type of in-text citation you use and
the layout of your bibliography
depends on the citation style.
What style you use depends on
what your professor suggests,
which will probably relate
to your field of study.
The style you use could also depend on
the journal you're trying to publish in.
Here are some examples of
different citation styles.
This is IEEE.
This style is used by all IEEE journals,
and
is often used in electrical
engineering research.
The in-text citation
is a bracketed number.
The bibliography is included
at the end of your paper, and
resources are listed in order
of appearance in your paper.
This is the American Psychological Society
or APA style.
This style is often used in psychological
or other social science research.
The in-text citation is the authors'
names followed by a comma and
the year of publication in parentheses.
The bibliography is included
at the end of your paper, and
resources are listed alphabetically
by the first author's last name.
There are many different styles.
Be sure to choose the one best suited for
your needs and
keep the style consistent
throughout your paper.
Please refer to the style guide for
all the nuances for each type of resource.
Remember to stay organized
while doing your research, so
you remember what sources
you need to cite.
While taking notes, make sure to write
down the citation for each article or
book chapter you are reading
before jotting down those notes.
The best way to keep track of all your
references is to use a reference manager.
The three that Columbia Libraries
recommend are EndNote,
Mendeley, or Zotero.
Using a reference manager allows you
to easily place in-text citations,
create bibliographies, and to change
between different citation styles.
You can read more about each tool
by following the link below.
Remember that proper citations
are expected within papers,
articles, presentations,
posters, websites, and code.
Always cite your sources
using proper citation styles.
Paraphrasing can be difficult,
so practice.
Poorly paraphrased ideas
are still considered plagiarism.
Use citation management software to stay
organized and to help you cite properly.
If you have further questions,
please contact your friendly librarians.